[Music]
As if there is a lake on this joyous day of great victory,
this glorious victory of 30
years of struggle, 30
years of democracy and republic, the
success of Vietnam. Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam, Ho Chi Binh,
Vietnam, Ho Chi
Vien, as if there is Uncle Ho on this joyous day of great victory, this glorious victory of
30 years of national liberation,
30 years of peace and
victory,
the people's will succeeding. Ho Chi Vien,
Vietnam, Vietnam, Ho Chi
Binh. [Music]
As if there is suffering on this joyous day of great victory, this glorious
victory of 30 years of struggle for national liberation,
30 years of democracy and republic, the people's will succeeding. Ho Chi
Minh, Vietnam, Ho
Chi Minh, Vietnam, Ho Chi Minh, as if there is Uncle Ho, this prayer in ...
[Music]
Enthusiastically
welcoming the 50th
anniversary of the reunification of the country.  Remember to
celebrate the 50th anniversary of the reunification of the country.
I love Vietnam.
[music]